(dramatic music)
(dramatic music intensifies)
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do, oh ♪
♪ I used to be a lunatic
from the gracious days ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do, oh ♪
♪ I used to feel woebegone ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do ♪
♪ And so restless nights ♪
♪ My aching heart would bleed ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-Do ♪
♪ For you to see ♪
♪ Oh, but now ♪
♪ I don't find myself bouncing home ♪
♪ Whistling buttonhole
tunes to make me cry ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ The language is leaving me ♪
♪ Changes are shifting outside the words ♪
♪ The lover speaks about the monsters ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do ♪
♪ I used to have demons
in my room at night ♪
♪ Desire, despair, desire ♪
♪ So many monsters ♪
♪ Oh, but now ♪
♪ I don't find myself bouncing around ♪
♪ Whistling my conscience to make me cry ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ The language is leaving me ♪
♪ The language is leaving me in silence ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ Changes are shifting outside ♪
♪ The words ♪
- [Child] They were being really crazy,
but they will only come.
And you know what, Mommy?
Everybody was being really crazy.
The monsters are crazy.
There are monsters outside.
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ The language is leaving me ♪
♪ The language is leaving me in silence ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ Changes are shifting outside ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do ♪
♪ The word ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Outside the word ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do ♪
♪ The language is leaving me ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do ♪
♪ The language is leaving me ♪
♪ No more I love you's ♪
♪ Changes are shifting outside ♪
♪ The word ♪
♪ Do-be-do-be-do-do-do, oh ♪
♪ Outside the word ♪
(gentle music)